well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so we got to talk about that
headline because people been sending it
to me and then I had a journalist friend
asked me to debunk it and okay so here
we go a third of migrants lied about
their familiar status with their
children
Wow a third that's really high that
needs an investigation we need to take a
look at that so I mean is it it's one of
those headlines that's just grabbing
people and they're sharing it like crazy
without actually looking into it at all
one of them from the Daily Mail carrying
this idea has a hundred forty five
thousand shares a hundred forty five
thousand people bought into this
stupidity enough to share it and cosign
on it look at what's happening okay so
let's talk about the realities of this
was it a third no it was thirty percent
I'll give that one to them they rounded
it up cool that's fine no big deal no
harm no foul there really was it of all
migrants no not all migrants come with
kids this of no it's not was it of all
migrants with kids
no now of course not they didn't test
everybody was it a scientific sample
from different locations no was it even
just a random sample of people going
through a specific location to be
processed no no it wasn't it was of
those that ice believe were lying
so if ice believed you were lying and
they they they suspected that enough
they put you in this thing and they
tested your DNA and thirty percent of
those were kind of but even that's not
true we'll get to that so even at this
point the real headline is out of those
people suspected of bringing a child
that wasn't their ice was wrong
seventy percent of the time but it's
really more than that
because the DNA test does not account
for stepparents and when asked about
this I said well we would look for
documents we would look for documents
but those numbers are already in the
total doesn't account for those who have
legal guardianship doesn't account for
those who were asked by a parent to
bring their child here doesn't account
for those who were just walking along
and saw a 15 or 16 year old kid who
happens you know down there in 15 16
years old in some of these countries
it's so rough that that's pretty much an
adult and this child may have decided to
make that trip on their own and then
they get here and maybe the adult
actually knows what's happening in the
US and when they see this kid about to
be taken into custody no no no that's my
kid because these unaccompanied minors
and where they end up they end up in the
custody of Health and Human Services
where there are thousands of reports of
sexual abuse if you wouldn't lie to stop
a kid from getting raped
you're a pretty horrible person so no
not a third of migrants faked their kids
not a third of those with kids lied
about it then it's it's an entirely
manufactured story
the reality is out of those that Ice
believed were were lying they were wrong
the overwhelming majority of the time a
ridiculously high percentage by their
own flawed study if you take in an
account for the things that they didn't
account for they're almost always wrong
this is this is made up and a hundred
forty five thousand people shared one
version of this stupid story this is why
we can't have nice things
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night